Add SavePolarizationNXcanSAS Algorithm (#39118)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.13.0/SANS/New_features/38505.rst

> - Add new :ref:`algm-SavePolarizedNXcanSAS` algorithm to saved reduce polarized SANS data in NXcanSAS format.

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
- Add new :ref:`algm-SavePolarizedNXcanSAS` algorithm to save reduced polarized SANS data in NXcanSAS format.
```
